Update README.md re sudo npm install (#299)
fleetdm/fleet: README.md

fleetctl preview
```

> > Running into an error?  Make sure you're not using `sudo` when you do `npm install`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Running into an error in which your machine does not recognize `fleetctl`?  Make sure you're not using `sudo` when you run `npm install fleetctl`.
```
Added more information about the error. A couple additional changes.

Author: @noahtalerman Turns out sometimes `sudo npm install` is the only option for folks, so my advice here is actually not generally applicable.  I'll just close this PR and we can tackle specific install errors folks run into on a case by case basis
